fix: Remove CODE tags from macros (#21618)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcsctptransport/index.md

_Also inherits properties from: {{DOMxRef("EventTarget")}}_.

- {{DOMxRef("RTCSctpTransport.maxChannels")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : An integer value indicating the maximum number of [`RTCDataChannel`s](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCDataChannel) that can be open simultaneously.

Reviewer: We avoid adding _s_ or _'s_ to code.
```suggestion
  - : An integer value indicating the maximum number of [`RTCDataChannel`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCDataChannel) objects that can be opened simultaneously.
```
